GigaSpeech RNN-T experiments (#318)
k2-fsa/icefall: egs/gigaspeech/ASR/RESULTS.md

#### 2022-05-12

#### Conformer encoder + embedding decoder

> Conformer encoder + non-current decoder. The encoder a reworked 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conformer encoder + non-recurrent decoder. The encoder is a reworked 
```

Author: Fixed
